hello friends of youtube good then here
we already have the last concentrate that
we got out of the louis box after
clean all the gravel and be nil
in a fine way here is the
concentrated
and what do we find ourselves with?
good although we have some particles
very very light black like you
can see here
in those parts
regularly focuses hair
let's concentrate on the lower part
and here we can see some particles
but as the saying goes, not everything
What shines is gold, this seems to me
make copper or pyrite
because it looks a color this
reddish the particle that we have here
this particle looks a reddish color
then all this not only
only the particles as per
example is that it was one more color
more yellow that is going around here that
it's good we're going to do
little by little waiting to throw only the
life and not heavy things
Well, for example
what we saw here
it's not just because because this is less
dense that gold this is this is copper
we discard all the gold is going to
deposit in this part are only not
they are deposited in no other place
odor
remember that all this we do for
a given life that then have the same
density to his
lead then we can trust this
everything is going to circulate by gravity
if a material reaches the part of
up or stay up simply
it's not only
we must have concentrated acceptable
we will decant again
so now we are going to look for what
result we got
it is assumed that gold should be in
in this part we see almost almost 1
some light gold particles in
this part
and only black sand and a piece
it seems that d
it's a line
pieces of small this
green crystals that way wait for the
countries with Mr. 23
all the green crystals well let's
leave them here
and if only in some small
gold particles and mostly
we got copper so friends do the
case they have said not everything that shines is
gold and well then do not despair in your
search because then there is this question
of gold and everything that is here if
is it gold
in the pursuit of gold is 90%
search
and 10% of results usually
good friends of youtube I hope you have them
liked the video we are seeing in
the next we will go to a location
very interesting in the warrior state
to have more of this results and
methods to search until later